Jof bz#1861353 minimalism session feedback (#109)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_deploying-with-routed-l3-networks.adoc

= Deploying with routed L3 networks

> If your nodes are on a separate network from the default `InternalApi` network that the Controller nodes use, you must make several changes so that {MessageBus} can transport data to the {ProjectShort} server instance. This scenario is typical in a spine-leaf or a DCN topology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your nodes are on a separate network from the default `InternalApi` network that the Controller nodes use, you must make changes to ensure that {MessageBus} can transport data to the {ProjectShort} server instance. This scenario is typical in a spine-leaf or a DCN topology.
```

Reviewer: I would add a bit more context around the changes that one would need to make. Make change to what? A config file? The topology? and so on

Author: Thanks Vlada!
Won't edit this section now as there is another BZ open against there, it's being rewritten.

.Procedure

> * Add the following configuration example to the `ExtraConfig` section for each Compute node. In this example, `internal_apiN` is the network to which the Compute node `N` is connected. `N` represents a value that is different from the default internal API network name.

Reviewer: I am not sure I know enough about the subject, but if you're trying to apply the same configuration edits to each of your Compute nodes and that is done in separate files, I'd start the sentence with an emphasis on that:

On each Compute node, add ...

Author: Thanks Vlada!
Won't edit this section now as there is another BZ open against there, it's being rewritten.
